Change Trivial Package to Minimal Code (#67)
phylum-dev/documentation: docs/analytics/minimal_code.md

---
title: Minimal Code
category: 629fb303c228520079bef218
hidden: false
---

# Description

Software with minimal code is either trivially small or comprised primarily of binary artifacts.

A trivially small package is unlikely to represent a worthwhile trade-off of security for savings of time and resources. In particular, a future release of the software could be compromised. It may be better to create the functionality within your own software.

> Software comprised primarily of binary artifacts is minamally open-source. That isn't inherently problematic but it does mean that the software can't really be inspected. Its behavior while running at a given point and time can be observed but the full capability of the software will be unknown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Software comprised primarily of binary artifacts is minimally open-source. That isn't inherently problematic but it does mean that the software can't really be inspected. Its behavior while running at a given point in time can be observed but the full capability of the software will be unknown.
```
